---
title: "2018"
date: 2019-01-18T11:16:09+08:00
draft: true
---
I've seen New Year's snow in London, and summer bonfires in MN backyards; sunrises in Capetown, and sunsets in Auckland.
I've eaten chorizo in Porto, and frog leg porridge in the alleys of Geylang; haggis is exactly what you think it is.

I've been to the top of the Alps, and the edge of the world.
I've watched the French countryside roll by my window, and walked off a plane two days after I walked on.

I've sailed the Drake Passage, and safaried in Africa.
I've stood in 4 of the worlds oceans, and all 7 of the world's continents.

I've seen where the oceans struggle for dominance.

I've walked enough of the worlds cities that I've turned left in Basel and found myself in Perth.
I've shopped London's High Streets, enjoyed fondue in a Swiss chateau, and talked backyard whiskey with Tassies.

I've seen the vibrant green of Mt. Wellington, and the lush jungles of Malaysia.
I've watched penguins play on icebergs, and used a mask to hide from the smog of Beijing.

I've seen entire cities of people who struggled to get clean water.
I've seen dead bodies in carts on the side of the road.

I've walked to work with a world full of people, and the only difference was the quality of the coffee.

And I've explained to Americans, Canadians, Brits, Scots, Irish, French, Germans, Swiss, Spanish, Portuguese, Swedish, Dutch, Danish, Singaporeans, Indonesians, Indians, Bangladeshis, Jordanians, South Africans, Israelis, Emiratis, Chinese, Aussies, Koreans, Japanese, Malays, Tamils, Thais, Brazilians, and Argentinians that my beard is, in fact, better than theirs.